The obvious response is 296 pages above.
I'm looking for a feature that... The next thing is, the next question you get from stupid interviewers is, no, I mean, what's the story?
If it took me 296 pages to tell it in the book, in print, over 100,000 words, well over.
How do you think I'm going to tell it to you in a paragraph?
No, my job is to come up with something.
Exactly.
And the tour for me is a waste of time.
The only time I go to a sign in one of those circuses in the bookstores,
I don't care if the guy signs the book.
I want to know if the book's any good.
I'm going to buy it.
If by some chance I, by some free arrangement, expect to encounter them, I'll probably bring the book along and then sign it.
Because I do like that.
But if I don't, it won't bother me.
I may drop them a line and say, nice book.
And if it isn't a nice book, I'll keep my mouth shut.
They persist in setting me up for these things.
And they did it in 1992.
And I said after that,
disaster, which would have been greater had I not canceled the West Coast and the Middle West.
I'm not going to do this anymore.
It doesn't work.
Yes, it does not work.
It does not improve the sales of my books.
And it costs a lot of money.
And the crowning
Insult.
It wastes my time.
It prevents me from writing.
When I am in a motel in Charlotte, North Carolina, with nothing to do the whole damn day, I can't write, and don't tell me to get a laptop.
Do you have one?
No, I don't.
I write in my study.
I have to have my surroundings and my reference books and all the rest of it around me.
I've done a lot of effort.
to establish this pest.
And that is where I work.
I don't work on air flying.
And neither does anybody else follow or ask.
Or motel rooms or anything.
A man I know said to me, I told him about changing computers, he said, you should have gotten the power button right on your boat.
I said, why the hell do you think I have the boat?
To get away from the writing.
So I won't work.
And the reason I have the boat instead of something else is because sailing is the only thing I like to do so well when I'll do it instead of writing.
And it will take your mind to that brief moment away from Brighton.
Oh, it's more than a brief moment.
Or whatever.
We went to Buzzards Bay and Narragansk Bay this summer.
We had a glorious time.
We put about 320 miles in that vessel.
It was just great.
It was wonderful.
And the thing about sailing is the thing.
I can't stand something in which you're not thinking.
Boring, whatever it is.
I don't want to watch the grass grow.
I don't want to watch somebody else sail.
I'm sailing.
That's true.
How do you like hope?
Jack McCray is the best editor I've ever had.
Far or none.
Jack knows when he reads my manuscript, when I finally let him see it, when I finally coyly show him a bit of a thing, he knows exactly what's wrong with it.
And he knows exactly how to fix it.
And he's half right.
He knows what's wrong with it.
He has no idea how to fix it.
And once he tells me what's wrong with it, you fix it.
I know how to fix it.
But do you have a sense maybe that you know what's wrong with it and he's just validating it?
No, I don't.
He's validating it?
I was going to say almost always.
Always.
When he points out what's wrong with it, I have not noticed that before.
And when he points it out, I have this immediate acclimation in my head, of course.
Of course, that's right.
Young guy, middle-aged guy?
He's older than I am.
I think he's about middle 50 somewhere.
No kidding.
But he's not much older than I am.
I'm 54.
I like him, I think.
I mean, I hope I score him.
The nice thing about my friend Ward Judge.
Nice man.
He's been a good writer.
I sent him the Newsweek.
review, our most underrated writer, and said, if you want to quarrel about who this really is, I'll listen.
I don't know why we're just as...
Extolled into the universe.
He is so good.
And the translator was his signature book.
Really, it's a tremendously effective book.
It's wonderful.
What a hell of a piece of work.
And nobody read it.
And he says that nobody knows how to publish a bestseller anymore.
Au contraire, I wrote, and a damn good thing for us.
They do know how to publish bestsellers.
The thing is, we don't write it.
Bestsellers are for people who watch Blossom.
Bestsellers are for people who watch, I don't know, whatever the soap operas are.
Oprah Winfrey.
Yeah, Oprah.
The only way we ever get a bestseller is to go on Oprah, Oprah,
I can go on and say I was molested by a priest in Fall River 30 years ago, and then I'll sell a lot of books.
Except I won't say that.
Unfortunately, the publishing houses are, it's all sales.
I believe it.
Holt does not.
Holt does not know how to publish bestsellers.
They do.
Sue Grafton is a bestseller.
They're very fortunate.
Henry Holt and Company published good books.
I was astonished to discover...
in public this weekly, that Laurel was in such deep trouble because I noticed only quite recently, but it's first, it's first, but it was only recently and quite tardily that I noticed that a great many of the books that I buy and enjoy thoroughly and respect a lot
published by William Morrow.
And I went for that to say to my wife, I don't know, within this year, she said, if something ever happens to McCray, I ought to think of a whole of Morrow, rather.
And then I read all this stuff, so I was talking to my agent, and I said, what the hell ever happened to Morrow?
And she said essentially the same thing either.
They astound themselves when they get a bestseller.
I mean, F.S.G.
can't believe they've got Scott Jarreau, you know.
And he won't leave them.
He's a pretty nice guy.
You know what he's ever met him?
Never.
Yeah.
I like the last one.
I wanted to think about that, but really in terms of independently owned public analysis, you have FSG, you have Oak Mill and Oak John.
It's right.
It's a subsidiary of a German company.
Holtz is?
I thought they were an independent company.
No.
I've forgotten the name of the German company now.
It's named for the guy who owns it.
He's an existing person.
So now I'll get into it.
I mean, Holtz-Rifflin is an independent company.